I have nothing to say to you
You have nothing to say to me
Then you use gentle compassion
Make him reluctant to divorce you
How do you say this?
That's between me and the doll too
When he was in trouble
I was with him.
It's all settled now.
You want to take him back?
Why didn't I know about this?
But seeing how much you have sacrificed for him
I can give Shaw a few big projects
Enough to bring Shaw back to life
But I only have one request.
Immediate and Perfect Divorce
Impossible Xiao's is not as big as it used to be
Di's condition is also very complicated.
There are many places to spend money
Are you sure you helped?
Letting go is the best thing you can do
What's more, you and Wan Wan will divorce sooner or later
Mr. Xiao
So distressed?
Maybe I can help you.